added known issue for grafana (#6655)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues_global.adoc

Review the known issues for the {global-hub} Operator. The following list contains known issues for this release, or known issues that continued from the previous release. For your {ocp-short} cluster, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html/release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes#ocp-4-12-known-issues[{ocp-short} known issues].

[#granfa-cannot-open]

> == The {global-hub} grafana console cannot open with the enabled FIPS environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== The {global-hub} Grafana console cannot open in a FIPS-enabled environment
```

> If {global-hub} is running on {ocp-short} 4.16 with the enabled Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) environment, you cannot access the grafana console due to the wrong `oauth-proxy` image. {product-title-short} 2.10.4 supports {ocp-short} 4.16, enabling you to get the `oauth-proxy` image from {product-title-short} 2.10.4. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If {global-hub} is running on a FIPS-enabled {ocp-short} 4.16 environment, you cannot access the Grafana console due to the wrong `oauth-proxy` image. {product-title-short} 2.10.4 supports {ocp-short} 4.16, enabling you to get the `oauth-proxy` image from {product-title-short} 2.10.4. 
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to use 2.10.X instead of 2.10.4, for future Z-stream release, we do not need to update this version any more.

Reviewer 3: may be use start from 2.10.4? since the issue only exists on 2.10.4+ ACM version.

To access your grafana console, manually update the `oauth-proxy` image with the {product-title-short} bundle image. To update the `oauth-proxy` image, complete the following steps: 

. Get the correct `oauth-proxy` image from the `mch-image-manifest-xxx` by running the following:
+
----
oc get cm -n open-cluster-management mch-image-manifest-xxx -ojsonpath={.data.oauth_proxy_416_and_up} 
----
+
. Update the deployment image in the {global-hub} `clusterserviceversion` (CSV) with the correct image by running the following: 
+
----

> oc edit csv multicluster-global-hub-operator-rh.v1.1.1 -n multicluster-global-hub 

Reviewer 2: It's better to update v1.1.1 to v1.1.x

> 
> . Get the correct `oauth-proxy` image from the `mch-image-manifest-xxx` by running the following:
> +
> ----
> oc get cm -n open-cluster-management mch-image-manifest-xxx -ojsonpath={.data.oauth_proxy_416_and_up} 
> ----
> +
> . Update the deployment image in the {global-hub} `clusterserviceversion` (CSV) with the correct image by running the following: 
> +
> ----
> oc edit csv multicluster-global-hub-operator-rh.v1.1.1 -n multicluster-global-hub 
> ----
> +
> . Find the value for `RELATED_IMAGE_OAUTH_PROXY` and replace it with the output you received from Step 1. 

Reviewer: Updates for alignment and also is there a verification step? 
```suggestion

. Get the correct `oauth-proxy` image from the `mch-image-manifest-xxx` by running the following:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get cm -n open-cluster-management mch-image-manifest-xxx -ojsonpath={.data.oauth_proxy_416_and_up} 
----

. Update the deployment image in the {global-hub} `clusterserviceversion` (CSV) with the correct image by running the following command: 

+
[source,bash]
----
oc edit csv multicluster-global-hub-operator-rh.v1.1.1 -n multicluster-global-hub 
----

. Find the value for `RELATED_IMAGE_OAUTH_PROXY` and replace it with the output you received from Step 1. 
```

Review the known issues for the {global-hub} Operator. The following list contains known issues for this release, or known issues that continued from the previous release. For your {ocp-short} cluster, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html/release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes#ocp-4-12-known-issues[{ocp-short} known issues].

[#granfa-cannot-open]
== The {global-hub} Grafana console cannot open in a FIPS-enabled environment

> If {global-hub} is running on a FIPS-enabled {ocp-short} 4.16 environment, you cannot access the Grafana console due to the wrong `oauth-proxy` image. {product-title-short} 2.10.x supports {ocp-short} 4.16, enabling you to get the `oauth-proxy` image from {product-title-short} 2.10.x. 

Reviewer: Based on messaging from earlier about specifying OCP versions and to simplify the doc 
```suggestion
If {global-hub} is running on the latest {ocp-short} environment that is FIPS-enabled, you cannot access the Grafana console due to the wrong `oauth-proxy` image. {product-title-short} 2.10.x supports the latest {ocp-short} version, enabling you to get the `oauth-proxy` image from {product-title-short} 2.10.x. 
```

> To access your grafana console, manually update the `oauth-proxy` image with the {product-title-short} bundle image. To update the `oauth-proxy` image, complete the following steps: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access your Grafana console, manually update the `oauth-proxy` image with the {product-title-short} bundle image. To update the `oauth-proxy` image, complete the following steps: 
```

> . Get the correct `oauth-proxy` image from the `mch-image-manifest-xxx` by running the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Get the correct `oauth-proxy` image from the `mch-image-manifest-xxx` by running the following command. Replace `<.data.oauth_proxy_latestocp>` with your {ocp-short} version:
```

+
[source,bash]
----

> oc get cm -n open-cluster-management mch-image-manifest-xxx -ojsonpath={.data.oauth_proxy_416_and_up} 

Reviewer: I usually see the less than and greater than signs rather than the curly brackets 
```suggestion
oc get cm -n open-cluster-management mch-image-manifest-xxx -ojsonpath=<.data.oauth_proxy_latestocp> 
```
